chore: Add setRequiredFields and setIgnoredFields documentation (#911)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/odata/common/operations/replace.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> To replace or update the whole entity, use `replaceWholeEntityWithPut`:

Reviewer: [nth] Can a partial entity be updated? I would keep it as replace (I think I originally wrote this...).
```suggestion
To replace an entity instead of just updating specific fields, use `replaceWholeEntityWithPut`:
```
